Today's episode is sponsored by
Datadog a modern full stack
monitoring platform for cloud infrastructure,
applications, and logs metrics, all
in one place from their
recent report on serverless, adoption
and trends. Datadog found half
their customer base using ECC
twos have now adopted AWS
Lambda. They've examined real world
serverless usage by thousands of
companies running on millions of
distinct serverless functions. And they
found that half of the
Lambda invocations run for less
than 800 milliseconds, you can
easily monitor all your serverless
functions in one place and
generate serverless metrics straight from
Datadog. Check it out yourself
by signing up for a
free 14 day trial and
get a free t-shirt visit
datadog.com/hanselman it's show to get
started. That's datadog.com/hansel minutes show
to get started. Alright, This
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. I'm talking with Ayesha
Adam. She is an entrepreneur
philanthropist and a speaker. She
has a company called drive
her and a foundation called
the power to girls foundation
And she is joining me
from Canada. How are you?
I'm fine. Thank you. Thank
you so much, Scott, for
this opportunity. No, I'm happy
to chat with you. You're
all over the internet. And
I am finding all kinds
of cool videos of you
talking to people in the
news. And I wish I
had a media section, right
Website about all the cool
stuff that I was doing.
Thank you In Canada right
now. You're calling from Canada,
but you also have a
relationship with Yes, absolutely. That's
my home country and An
NGO, a nongovernmental organization. We
call them nonprofits here in
the U S called power
to girls. Is it specific
to Ghana or is it
by coastal kind of Ghana
and It's actually Ghana and
Canada. And essentially what we
do is that we provide
programming for marginalized girls and
our focus is around empowerment,
leadership, mentorship, and really just
building up their self esteem
for them to be able
to create change within their
various society. So we do
that both in Canada and
in Ghana. What does that
mean to you? That empowerment?
I really like saying that
a lot. I use that
word a lot to talk
about feeling empowered. I want
everyone of all kinds to
feel empowered. Why are they
not empowered? Why are they
disempowered? So I think a
lot of times when we
do think of what empowerment
a lot of folks think
it is a matter of
like, you know, giving something
to someone that they didn't
already have for us. And
for me personally, empowerment means
that it's just helping them
amplify and cultivating something that
they already have. So a
lot of times like society,
you know, when you take
young girls, for example, there's
a lot of things around
them that causes them to
feel less than they are,
or to think of themselves
as less than they are.
And our program is set
up to really remind them
of who they are, and
also like just really cultivating
that power, like that power
that they have not from
kind of like a, not
from a negative standpoint, but
really more around how can
I really amplify amplify my
voice? How can I create
change it in my society,
but then how can I
also make sure that the
people around me feel and
understand myself, and then I
also understand everything else that
is going on around me.
So that's where we, yeah,
that's what we mean by
empowerment or to me or
something, Right? Because this isn't
about a handout or, you
know, here's some, here's some
money or here's some this,
or here's some that it's
about taking a person who
feels like they have no
voice, no ability, no access,
and saying, you can do
this. And here's the mentorship,
the community and the activities
that will, that will help
you build that, that internal
voice that tells you that
I can. Absolutely. Absolutely. So
is this, this is PR
one on one coaching. How
is this different from a
school is like a community
center. So it is not
a community center. So in
Canada, for example, one of
the things that we've been
able to do is actually
build a partnership with a
school. So it works as
a afterschool program where we
actually run the programs within
the schools, with the schools
in partnership with the schools.
So we have facilitators that
have, we have trained personally,
and then they go, we
disperse them across the different
schools that we're in and
then they deliver the programs.
And then we also have
community members and community mentors
that we, you know, work
with that would come into
the schools and share their
personal stories. One of the
things that we've recognized, especially
for folks that are marginalized,
is that representation is so
important. Representation matters so much.
So we bring folks that,
you know, have conquered their
individual challenges and have broken
some of the glass ceilings
that we're putting in their
place to come out and
share and share with these
girls. So, you know, sometimes
we'll have lawyers, we'll have
doctors, we'll have technology folks
come through, talk to the
girls and empower them and
remind them and let them
know that they too are
capable of actually reaching those
different Heights that they want
to reach. Of course, I'm
not a, a, an underrepresented
group. I'm an overrepresented group,
but I'm, I'm type one
diabetic. And I noticed recently
that diabetics are now allowed
in America to fly an
airplane. And this might seem
like a small thing. And
it's certainly, I don't mean
to draw a direct comparison
between an underrepresented uneducated adolescent
girl. But when someone says,
Oh, that's a thing that
I was not able to
do. And now that is
now allowed, I don't want
to be a pilot, but
I'm like, Oh wow. Like
I could totally do that.
Like I thought about being
a pilot, I tried to,
I could, for example, I
tried to be in the
army. I can't be in
the army for diet because
of diabetes. These are small
things, but if you go
and think about, like you
said on your website, no
one is more vulnerable. An
uneducated adolescent girl, think about
the doors that are closed.
Like my biggest complaint is,
well, gosh, I can't be
a pilot. Think of the
doors that are closed to
them. And then we have
to ask ourselves, how do
we systematically open those doors
one at a time or
all. Absolutely. And I think,
you know, you, you actually
gave a really good example
in terms of like, access,
right? So it's like one
thing when you know that
you have access to something
and then it's another thing
when it's actually close to
you. So I think for
us, where we are, we're
really doing is letting the
girls know that that access
is there and they have
us and all these amazing
women as resources to be
able to actually get to
that next step that they
want to get to. So
then that way it becomes,
instead of it becoming them
being shut out of it,
it becomes a choice, like
you said, so in your
case now, you know that
this is an option for
you. You might not necessarily
want to be a pilot,
but you know that, Hey,
in case I want to
be a pilot, I'm actually
able to do that and
I have access to that.
So that's really amazing. Yeah.
And so what do the,
the, the young women that
you work with see themselves
doing? If they've never seen
a lawyer, a doctor, a
programmer, or a president that
is from their place, what
do they think that they're
going to become a, a
homemaker, which is fine. Yeah.
And, you know, I love
the fact that you actually
asked that question, because that
is one of the key
things that we get. So
I'll give you an example.
We did a session in
Ghana and I'm going to
use Ghana as the perfect
example for this. So we
did a session in Ghana
and we asked the girls,
what are some of the
things that they want to
pursue as a career alternative
or an objective? And some
of the answers that we
were here and was ridiculous.
Like, you know, I mean,
there were some that felt
like, you know, their only
option was to become a
trader. And when we say
trader, like, you know, like
a market woman, essentially, like,
you know, just selling stuff,
some of them, just food
card or something. Exactly. Some
of them thought that, you
know, they were, they can
do, you're supposed to be,
you know, stay at home.
They're supposed to be like
a wife, a mother, and
all that, which is fine
to the people that want
that. But then one of
the key things that we
asked them and to the
people that said, okay, I
want to be a doctor.
I want to be a
lawyer. I want to be,
you know, an engineer. There
was always a, but so
we questioned and asked why
was, but, and then they
said, because women are not
supposed to be in the
sectors, women are not supposed
to be doing these things.
So for us, we took
that as an opportunity to
actually bring into the schools,
women that were in those
particular sectors. So we brought,
we brought a soldier, we
brought a doctor, we brought
a community worker, we brought
a lawyer, we brought a
banker for them to see
and recognize that they are
actually able to do this
thing. So I think it's
really important to know that
in today's day and age,
because of social media, this,
and also because of technology,
actually, there's been a lot
of like new career options
that are out there. But
then a lot of people
still don't see themselves represented
or see themselves as actually
going those sectors because they
don't see people that look
like them, or they feel
like it's only limited to
like, you know, a particular
group of people. So I
love the fact that you
asked that question and honestly,
it's been, it's been amazing
watching the girls evolve and
watching them actually challenging themselves
to go into nontraditional roles.
Hmm. Yeah. It is important
to note that, you know,
if you are a, a
homemaker, if raising a family,
if being the head of
a household is what you
want to do. That's important
if it is the only
option available to you, that's
where I think we, you
and I, and I think
people of a certain mindset
would push back because what
it is about is choice,
right. And if you have
zero choice, then that's not
good at all. Absolutely. Absolutely.
Right. So you provide them
with that sense of empowerment.
You make sure that they
are getting the education that
they want. You're putting people
in front of them that
are like them in the
future. You're basically putting their
future selves in front of
them. Absolutely. Yeah. Basically. I
love it. I love, I
love that analogy actually. Yeah.
Can you, you can use
that and call me a
consultant. If you see yourself,
it's like, if a person
comes from the future and
says, look at me, look,
look what I did that
gives someone a direction. And
they start to realize like,
Oh, well, there is a
path from whatever my situation
is to this new place.
Absolutely, absolutely. Is this unique
to, to, to Ghana or
to the African continent though?
Because like you said, you
are a person of two
countries. We, we, we always
want to help people in
developing countries, but you're also
in Canada and no doubt
that there are uneducated as
adolescents in poverty where you
are as well. So, I
mean, I think one of
the key things that it's
important to note is that
for a lot of like
African countries, they're the education
level. Like they are girls
that are in school that
are educated. And then there
are also girls that are
not in school that, you
know, have access to education.
So there is, it, it
doesn't, it's not kind of
like a one way thing.
There's, there's different narratives everywhere.
And even in Canada. But
one of the things that
we recognized as we were
building power to girls is
that there's one thing that
is common among all girls,
or even like this, despite
what country you're in or
what environment you're in, which
is like your mental wellbeing.
And the key thing that
we recognized was that self
esteem is one of the
biggest issues that young girls
face today, whether you in
Ghana, whether you're in Zimbabwe,
whether you're in Canada, self
esteem, low self esteem is
a really huge issue. So
then we start asking ourselves
and we start like looking
deeper into it and look
at all the different factors
that actually affect a young
girl's stuff. Self-esteem. So if
you come to Canada, for
instance, and you're working with
like a marginalized group, you
would have maybe their body
image you'd have their hair.
You'd have, you know, societal
pressures, you have social media
and all of these different
things, playing a major role.
And then you go to
other parts of Africa where
it may be the fact
that they do not have
access to education. They do
not. There is gender roles
that they have to uphold,
and there's all these different
things. So again like the,
the narratives vary, but then
the core issue always remains.
The same is that low
self esteem is actually a
big issue for young girls
everywhere. So when we are
doing our work and we're
looking at how we can
engage and empower these girls,
we look at it from
like where they are. We
look at it from, you
know, their environments. We look
at it from the society,
and then we look at
all the different factors that
actually are affecting them and
actually allowing them to make
some of these decisions. And
then we provide that empowerment
to counteract that. So our
work in Ghana will be
different from our work in
Canada, in the, in terms
of like how we deliver
it, because in Ghana, one
of our main focuses is
around education. But then when
we come to Canada, one
of our main focuses around
mental wellbeing is around leadership.
It's around empowerment because we
have access directly into the
schools. So it really like
the work is the same,
but then the approach is
different depending on where Yeah.
That makes sense. It is,
it is important to note
that not all these programs
are going to work exactly
the way, the same way
and in every country, every
culture. Absolutely. Absolutely. You mentioned
also the importance of them
seeing people, if anyone's seeing
someone that looks like them
in the future, do you
call that mentorship? It's kinda
like the big brother, big
sister program where you assign
a human being to another
human being and you say,
this is your buddy or
your brother or your sister.
Yeah. So we do call
that mentorship. But I think
for us, we do not
necessarily limit it to the
one-on-one. It's really around the
people that we allow them
to interact with. So who
are they talking to on
a day to day basis?
So our facilitators are trained,
our facilitators have access to,
you know, some of these
resources as well. And then
they talk to them and
then they see them. So
it's really, who are we
showing to them? Not only
like in our meetings where
we meet up with them
one on one, but then
it's also on social media,
who are the people that
we are amplifying, who are
the people that we are,
you know, we're providing where
we're shining the light on.
So I think that's kind
of like how we go
about it. And then I
think it's also important to
note that they themselves are
also in a way mentors
to each other. So that
peer to peer mentorship is
also very vital because we've
had girls, you know, come
together to a meeting and
then one person is feeling
down and then they all,
you know, chip in and
encourage that person or talk
to that person about what
the challenges are and indeed
problem solve someone else's issue
right then and there. So
I think it's also important
to recognize the peer to
peer relationship that they're building
with each other. And some
of these relationships are relationships
that are going to last
for a very long time,
because again, they're also building
their networks. Wow. That is
such an important thing. Just
that sense of you can
do it and being, getting
external validation, not everyone has
unlimited internal validation. Like just
like they say that willpower
is a well, and some
people have deeper well than
others and you have to
refill that. Well self-esteem is
something as well as well.
It needs to be built
up and getting just a
friend or a mentor or
a person that you respect
to say, Hey, look, look
at you. You did that.
Like, you know, good, good
on you for, for, for
pulling that off, that fills
your internal well, so that
when, when you're alone and
you need that, that validation
you can pull from within
Absolutely, absolutely. You've even done
a number of interviews and
I've read most of them
about like, what are some
of the lessons that you've
experienced in working with, with
young girls? What is the
thing that they need to
learn? That's a good question.
So actually they have also
thought me a lot. I
think I should really mention
that young, like working with
these girls have thought me
myself a lot. They have
helped me grow. And they've
also kept me accountable. One
of the biggest lessons that
I think we always like
to shed light on for
our girls is that they
should be true to who
they are in this day
and age of social media.
A lot of times they
try to be someone else
and, you know, it's, it's,
I mean, it's easier for
me to say it, of
course, then for them to
put it in practice and
even as adults sometimes put
it that in practice. But
I think it's really important
for them to really be
staying true to who they
are as individuals and being
able to cultivate that power
and being able to cultivate
that self love and willpower,
like you mentioned within themselves,
so that they're able to
stand firm when challenges come
their way. So those are
some of the lessons that
I have learned. My girls
have thought me too, like,
they've actually taught me the
power of your story. And
I see the power of
your story because when we
first started power two girls,
it was based off of
like my experiences as a
young immigrant girl that came
to Canada that did not
know where to go to
for resources, you know, was
not necessarily opening to the
community. So it was really
a lot of like trot,
trial and error. And as
I was sharing these stories
with these girls, I remember
one of them coming up
to me and say, you
know, I show you need
to share your story more
because more people need to
hear this. So every time
I go, I'm invited to
go somewhere and speak. They
would come with me and
after they will say, okay,
that was in the full
story. Next time you have
to share the full story.
So I think it's really,
and truly, they taught me
the power of your story
and the power of, you
know, you're the power in
your story and actually creating
change and change in life.
So, yeah, like they've taught
me a lot and I
think it's always reciprocal in
terms of like the relationships
that I have with them
because they keep me accountable.
They keep me grounded as
well, Also teaching them accountability.
And the difference, I struggled
with this, with my, my
young sons, they're 12 and
14 is trying to have
them understand the difference between
being responsible for something and
being accountable. Sometimes I'll say
you may not be responsible
for a thing that to
you, it could be a
bad thing, but you are
accountable for how you choose
to react to that thing.
Absolutely. When you need to
focus on building, do you
want to get bogged down
by your database? Mongo DB
is an intuitive, flexible document
database that lets you get
to building Mongo. DBS document
model is a natural way
to represent data so you
can focus on what matters.
Mongo DB Atlas is the
best way to use Mongo
DB. It's a global cloud
database service that gives you
all of the developer productivity
of Mongo DB. Plus the
added simplicity of a fully
managed database service. You can
get started free with Mongo
DB atlas@mongodb.com slash Atlas. Let
me shift the conversation a
little bit because you are
also a founder of a
startup and you're a nontechnical
founder. Your, your, your, your
company is called drive her.
Can you tell me about
that? Yes, absolutely. So drive
her actually is, so it's
a tech platform that connects
female passengers to female drivers.
And the funny thing is
driver actually stemmed from power
to girls and the work
that we were doing with
power to girls, because again
like my girls always come
first. So one of the
things that I noticed was
that I was becoming, you
know, their designated driver, their
parents trusted me when they
were going places for me
to be that designated driver
for them. And that was
something that I was absolutely
comfortable with because again, I
had built that relationship with
them, but then I also
recognized that on days that
I wasn't able to do
that, they were, there was
not a lot of options
out there for them. And
then as the rideshare industry
in itself, you know, became
very popular. We also noticed
that the safety of women
was not necessarily at the
forefront of these innovations or
these technologies. So based off
of, again, my personal experience
and speaking to other women
in their personal experiences, we
decided to create drive her,
which is, you know, connecting
female passengers to female drivers,
but then also providing economic
empowerment for women as a
whole. So we looked at
a sector that has become
very saturated, a sector that
had become very focused and
it's, it was, it is
still very male dominated and
thought, how can we flip
this on its head and
provide that safe space for
women. But then also recognizing
that it wasn't just women
that want it to use
the platform. It was parents
that also wanted to use
the platforms, parents that wanted
to use the platforms for
their parents or their kids.
Right. So ruined truly like
it was really about creating
a safer space for women
and kids. It is worth
pointing out for folks that
might go off and Google
for drive her, that there
is a drive her.com out
of London. That is not
the same. We're looking@driver.ca. This
is the Canadian currently in
Toronto. I'm curious if you
were to put together an
all female taxi service, you
said that, that the technology
is not taking into consideration
women and people who might
not feel safe in a
traditional taxi service, but it
feels like you're solving a
problem as a woman for
women, but it's the men
that are the problem. Shouldn't
we start a little earlier
and tell the men not
to be, not to make
you feel unsafe in car.
I love the fact that,
and like I said, like
a lot, I've heard a
lot of narratives for dryer
her, but that's the first
one. Like this is the
first time I've heard that.
And I love the fact
that you pointed that out,
honestly, like that's that's shit.
That should be how it
is. Right. Unfortunately, a lot
of people don't see it
like that. So we thought
it's important for us as
women and even like for
women to take their safety
into their own hands. Right.
So that's for the reason
why we create a dryer
for her, because again, like
every single narrow, like every
single time that, you know,
we hear a story of,
we hear like a story
of, you know, someone being
harassed or assaulted in traditional
taxis or in like rideshare
platforms. It always happens to
be women. And then, you
know, you'd also in, like
in most cases, also kids
also encountered this as well.
So for us, it was
really about how can we
create a safer space? How
can we ensure that, you
know, we are not only
empowering women, but then also
providing them with access into
a sector that has been
male dominated for a very
long time. And it is
worth pointing out that, of
course you are focused on
anyone who identifies as, as
a woman and they can
feel free to be involved
in that. Now there has
been some negativity with some,
some male taxi drivers who
feel that that's discriminatory, but
I'm hearing you say that
this isn't about, like, if
someone wanted to start a
mail only taxi service, I
suppose they could, but the
whole point was safety. And
if a woman does not
feel safe and then this
is that, this is why
that solution exists. Absolutely. Right.
Like I have never felt
unsafe really anywhere traveling. Like
I travel a lot. In
fact, one time I was
in, was I in Prague
somewhere in Prague and I
was having trouble sleeping. And
I got up at like
two in the morning and
I walked around like old
town Prague at like 2:00 AM.
And Prague's a perfectly safe
place, I guess. But again,
everywhere is a perfectly safe
place until it's completely unsafe,
right. Until something happens. And
I came back and I
called my wife and I
said, yeah, I was just
walking around. And she's like,
you were walking around a
strange European country at two
in the morning. She's like,
that is the most six
foot white guy thing I've
ever heard in my life.
I was like, no one
who does that. And I'm
like, basically all men, right.
We happily walk around everywhere
without any fear about turning
a corner and, and, you
know, catch it. Cause I'm
the bad guy. Right. I'm
the woman with the trench
coat and the hat. I
actually took a picture and
someone said, it looked like
I was a spy waiting
for a meetup, you know,
somewhere in Eastern Europe safety
first. I think it's great.
Thank you. I really appreciate
that. Yeah. So as a
nontechnical, how do you do
that? Do you have a,
a technical counterpart, like a
bill Gates to your, to
your Steve bomber? Or how
do you coordinate that? Because
you know your vision, but
it sounds like you're not
the primary coder on this.
Yeah, no, thank you. That's
actually a really good question.
So I do not, I'm
currently, we're actually recruiting, looking
for a technical cofounder as
we speak, but then what
it was was really around
how can I transfer, share
the vision that I have
to the developers that we're
currently working with for them
to produce, you know, produce
a solution that works. And
I think that was the
beauty of that is actually
the beauty of this is
because I'm able to view
my product first as a
customer, before a founder. And
I think that gave me
greater insights because I was
able to look at it
as like, Oh no, I
don't think our customers would
like this. Or as a
customer, this is, you know,
maybe we need to move
this around. Maybe we need
to change this user interface.
Maybe we need to make
sure that this speaks to
this in this way. So
it actually gave me a
deeper appreciation for the work
that we were doing because
I was coming at it
first, not just as a
user, not, not as a
founder, but then more as
a user. And I think
that's really important, especially for
folks that are out there
that are building technology products
and not necessarily have that
technical background to be able
to appreciate that aspect that
most times the technical founder
will not necessarily be. Yeah,
definitely. You need that, that
two sides of the same
coin. You need to look
at it from different perspectives.
You need that. I know
that sometimes it's a bit
of a cliche to say
diversity of thought, but if
everyone is a technical cofounder
from the same place in
the same generation in the
same school, you're going to
miss something, there'll be a
blind spot there. Absolutely. Absolutely.
So through both of these
things, your NGO and your
startup, I'm seeing a pattern
of using technology for, for
social good. And whether someone
agrees or disagrees with whether
or not there's a need
for an all female taxi
service, isn't the point? It
is you're effectively, you're calling
it a social profit business.
Yes. Yes. So you're, you're,
you're making it okay to
make money while also improving
the lives of people in
some sense, in some fundamental
way changing society. Yes. That's
exactly what it is. That's
exactly what it is. And
then how did you start
that this idea of the
social profit sector? Is that
a thing that you named
or is that a well
known space? So I think
most of the time people
hear social, kinda like a
social enterprise. I think I
kind of coined the social
profit aspect, mainly because again,
like I, a lot of
times when I hear folks
talking about technology or talking
about innovation, they always assume
that technology is equal to
innovation, but in most cases
that's like, that's not the
case, right. Technology is always
a conduit. Technology's always kind
of like, you know, the,
the foundation that you use
to actually create some of
these innovations. And then there
are some innovative things that
you do that are not
also technology dependence. Right. So
I think it's really important
to be able to separate
those two. For me, it
was really important that every
aspect of the work that
I do impacts lives. So
it's like, yeah, how can
we still ensure that we're
making money, but then we're
still changing and affecting lives.
So that was how those
two things came together. It's
like the social profit where
you are making profit, but
then you're also creating societal
changes And that, and then
having that, having a sustainability
plan, having a strategy to
go and scale that organization,
that's part of your, on
your consulting business. Yes. So
that is one of the
things that I focus on
is around how can we
build sustainable programs? And this
is mainly for my sort
of like the NGO aspect
is that how can you
build sustainable programs? And how
can you ensure that you're
able to build programs or
build an organization that is
not solely dependent on grants,
but then you're able to
really change and affect lives
and still be able to
make enough money to sustain
the work that you're doing.
And then also to scale
that work that you're doing,
A lot of people are
trying to build the next
big company and they go
and try to make a
billion dollar company. But I
have long believed that I
would rather have four or
$5 million companies than one giant
company. I like the idea
of spreading it, spreading it
around. And I also liked
the idea of what I
call a boutique startup. One
that makes some incomes and
potentially some passive income, but
you don't necessarily need to
make the next a hundred
million dollar business. I'm curious
if you think drive her
become something that gets bought
by Uber and Lyft, and
then you're a billionaire, or
do you keep it at
a comfortable, manageable size and
make it a boutique industry
To be quite honest with
you? For us, the focus
is always on community. The
focus is around how we
creating that social, that social
change. So if the, if,
if our scaling our scaling
strategy is that we get
bought out and then we're
able to create many micro
companies around that around the
world. That's great. But then
if our customers and our
audience is saying, okay, we
need this here. We need
this here. We need this
here. We need this here.
And we have the resources
to be able to do
that too. Then that's kind
of like what the focus
is on, but for now,
like, again, like my focus
is around, how can we
scale? How can we really
create that impact and see
this, you know, in other
parts of the world. So
like we've had folks reach
out from the States. We
had folks reach out from
like the ear old asking,
you know, even folks in
Africa wanting to bring, drive
her to, you know, their
respective communities because they see
the value in it. And
because there's actually, there's an
actual need there. So for
us, it's really about how
can we still create that
change and still be able
to impact the lives that
we wants to, again, like
I mentioned earlier, we are
also looking for a technical
cofounder. So if there's anyone
out there that is as,
can I say that as
I'm not sure, I think
you're the first, but that's
fine. Yeah. Like, you know,
if you're looking for really
amazing, like, we would love
for it to be a
woman that, you know, has
that technical know how that
has that technical acumen and
is willing to join, you
know, a social profit business,
then please let us know.
And we'll be definitely open
to seeing how that goes.
So we have a diverse
audience who is listening, and
if they've made it this
far into the, the show,
they've made it 30 minutes
into a show and they're
on the way to work.
And maybe they're sitting in
the parking lot or the
driveway of their job getting
ready to go inside. And
they're thinking I've just listened
to 30 minutes about technology
for social good. And I
know that there is a,
a drive her and there
is this empowerment. What do
I do though? As I
walk into my job at
this company, what do I
do with this information that
you've given us? That's a
good question. So I think
one of the things that
I would say is that,
think about how the work
that you're doing and, you
know, the technologies that you're
building is affecting the lives
of people. I think he
should also recognize that you
have the power in your
hands to read and truly
creates that social change that
we're talking about and recognizing
that whatever it is that
you're building in some cases
for some people might not
necessarily be for the everyday
person, but then how does
it affect the everyday person
on a holistic level? Not
necessarily on kind of like
a us versus them thing,
but then more around like
a holistic aspect of it.
So, yeah, those are some
of the things that I
would say. And then one
last thing that I would
add is that, recognizing that
again, when you're building, you're
building for others, you're building
for people. So always put
those people at the forefront
of whatever it is that
you're building, and then also
engaging them in that process
because you can not necessarily
build for other people without
having them engage in that
process. Fantastic. Well, thank you
so much for chatting with
me today. Thank you so
much for having me. We've
been talking with Ayesha ADOT
you can check out the
links in the show notes
to all of her projects
and as well as following
her on Twitter, this has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week. .